Star Wars Episode seven is reportedly
becoming the new Fifty Shades of Grey in
terms of Hollywood casting rumors how
it's gonna be that much sex in them no
no I just who's gonna play you punkin it
was awesome what never had a wookie
finger blast it would hurt like 18
inches long I guess I'll have to give
that bleaching media outlets are having
a field day throwing names around about
who's attached to the project even
though nobody has signed on yet Zac
Efron I'm Ryan Gosling are the two
actors most recently rumored to be
circling roles in the JJ Abrams film of
Gosling reportedly up for the role of
Luke Skywalker's son remember this
happened with with Episode one and there
are all sorts of people are gonna play
Anakin and obi-wan and none of them ever
panned out yeah they they settled on
what Jake Lloyd yeah that was great
it was weird I had a hard time with
Samuel Jackson being in the movie and
Jimmy Smith would there be well known
yeah right would there be anything wrong
with these are people who operate within
the same universe who perhaps don't have
any direct lineage to Luke Skywalker who
maybe not Han Solo's accountant right
yeah I think you still got a you can
have a nod here and there you got to
follow the the lineage I think to keep
the the story appealable but I like the
idea of unknowns case or people who are
not you know superstars up in commerce
you got to make sure that they have the
acting chops I mean with it with the
original Star Wars Episode four Alec
Guinness was the big he was the money
shot he was the proven actor as was
Peter Cushing you said you had some some
notables in there
wait who's Peter Cushing Peter Cushing
was a grand moff tarkin
who the guy that ran the Death Star oh
okay I caught your stench right
recognize really stinky stinky you may
fire when ready yeah that would
why dick then that's actually not the
machine that's peter cushing going but
that is exactly what it will sound like
what is engaged I'll throw you you will
rule that sound which is very similar to
this and when you hear that kiss your
ass and your planet goodbye
but right now there's a converter that
we don't have unless it's like a like an
eighth inch but when that is complete
havoc we shall wreak with this jazz star
will be legendary across the universe
but as for now and you just keep
remembering may fire when ready we are